Hai Reveal conversations: make the Teeneep intro conversation (A02) more concise (#7570)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 4 middle.txt

	to offer
		has "Hai Reveal [A01] Visit Darkwaste: done"
	on offer

> 		log "People" "Teeneep Goot'r" `Teeneep is an activist and social leader among the Hai who heads an organization with hundreds of employees and many sponsors. She's used her extensive resources to search for answers about disappearing specialists, and suspects a large kidnapping operation.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log "People" "Teeneep Goot'r" `Teeneep is an activist and social leader among the Hai who heads an organization with hundreds of employees and many sponsors. She's used her extensive resources to search for answers about disappearing specialists and suspects a large kidnapping operation.`
```

				`	(Walk into the cave.)`
				`	(Come back later.)`
					defer

> 			`	You walk twenty meters into the cave and enter an open doorway before passing through an unmanned security post into a small and roughly designed underground facility. There's a variety of medical machinery in rooms with large windows immediately to the left, and computers arrayed around a makeshift living area with sleeping quarters off to the right. Some people you've rescued are present, with many humans and Hai you haven't met. Some have pulse rifles, but your attention is quickly captured by a woman walking towards you.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	You walk twenty meters into the cave before coming up to a concrete wall that fills up the entirety of the cavity. An open door passes through to an unmanned security post, until it finally leads into a small and roughly designed underground facility. Through some large windows immediately to the left, you can see a room containing a variety of medical machinery, while off to the right there are computers arrayed around a makeshift living area and some sleeping quarters. You notice that some of the people you've rescued are present, but there are many more humans and Hai you haven't met, some armed with pulse rifles. Despite all this, your attention is quickly captured by a Hai woman walking towards you.`
```

I think that some of these changes made less sense than before, although it's shorter. I'm going to add a little bit of detail that fills some gaps, because I had a hard time imagining the facility before, but it does change it a bit. MasterOfGrey will have to take a look at this.

Author: Okay, then I'll delay applying this change until we see his comment.

Author: I don't think details of the facility are important in their own right. That text needs to make the points that the facility is compact, well-hidden, and highly capable, because that is what is important to the story. It should give atmosphere too. Anything beyond just contributes text length, not substance.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, but I don't see how the previous edit makes the point especially well. And if I can't imagine what is going on, I feel that understanding the story is harder.

Author: I'm going to accept your change because I want this PR just to be a dialog rearrangement, with no changes to the story. Changing from "cadmium poisoning" feels like a story change.

			`	"Greetings Captain <last>, my name is Teeneep Goot'r. I'm a social advocate among the Hai, and I'm trying to help your friends with a problem. As you know, they were kidnapped by humans. A few other Hai and human victims are here; they were mostly rescued by other kind merchants in human space, but around half of those here are my staff."`

> 			`	"My organization has been researching the disappearances of Hai and humans, and we've discovered some patterns. Since we've found those patterns, we've been able to reach some of the victims more quickly upon their return and even rescue some ourselves. However, those Hai that you rescued and several others, too, have a strange commonality: mild cadmium poisoning."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"My organization has been researching the disappearance of Hai ever since humans began disappearing here under similar circumstances. We've discovered some patterns to these abductions, and through those we've been able to reach some of the victims more quickly upon their return, and even rescue some ourselves. But we have noticed something strange among the abductees: those Hai that you rescued, and several others, too, are all experiencing mild cadmium poisoning."`
```
Even though the last one was wordy, I don't want to lose all the context. I can't remember if I was told off for putting that last comma there before.

					goto cadmium
				`	"How long have the kidnappings been happening?"`
					goto kidnappings
				`	"That's enough information. How can I help you?"`
					goto help
			label uninhabited
			`	Teeneep looks at you as if you were daft. "Kidnappers have no reason to search an uninhabited planet for potential victims. This gives us a safe place to hide critical people or information. If the kidnappings are a coordinated effort as we suspect, they would track down threats to the operation, like escaped victims, or our organization. We have plenty of space here to do our work without precautions that would be necessary on a populated planet."`
				goto questions
			label cadmium

> 			`	A Hai in a medical uniform explains, "The victims each have been exposed to complex cadmium compounds, shortly before rescue. These compounds leave a human or Hai quickly, but the level after rescue is high enough to detect.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	A Hai in a medical uniform explains. "The victims each have been exposed to airbourne cadmium particles, which must be circulating through a ships' ventilation. Although the level of exposure is quite low, after being rescued we can detect clearly elevated levels in many who were taken.`
```

I don't know, but it seemed to have changed the meaning. But I do think the science is more than the player really wants to hear.

Author: The science was wrong. Cadmium remains in your system for decades. Also, there aren't different kinds of cadmium; it is an element. To have different kinds, it needs to be part of a larger thing, like a compound.

Reviewer 2: I don't see what is wrong with what I changed. And there are isotopes of cadmium, but that's not important.

Author: I thought I just committed this suggestion. Not sure what happened. I'll apply your suggestion again and see what github does.

Author: The change is in there now, but I had to update the paragraph after it for this change to make sense.

			`	"No known human or Hai ship technology exhausts these cadmium compounds. There are some Hai medical microbots that leave behind similar compounds, but not the same ones, and those are self-contained for disposal. We believe this is coming from another race's technology."`
			`	They share a glance with Teeneep, "We have our suspicions but they're not conclusive yet."`
			branch questions
				not "00 Hai Leaks Response 4B: declined"

> 			`	"The Geodesic Geocoris you found has self-repair systems that use technology which could be responsible for something like this, and we suspect they came from the same place."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"We were able to look at the scan of that modified Geocoris you recovered. It has self-repair systems that use technology which could be responsible for something like this, and we suspect they came from the same place."`
```

I think it was written so that the scan before meant something other than for a report.

				goto questions
			label patterns
			`	"First, you must understand that violent crimes in Hai space are not a rare thing, though they aren't a day-to-day part of life as in human space. Murder, assault, estranged parents kidnapping their children, all of that happens here. Some Hai go on an adventure one day and then get fall in a crevasse or get eaten by a beast. Some join the Unfettered, but don't tell anyone. Most cases are solved: the person is found dead or alive. Sometimes, though, the no person or body is ever found."`

> 			`	"In recent years, a disproportionate number of Hai and human kidnapping victims seem to be purposefully picked from the intelligentsia: doctors, scientists, engineers, architects. Most were specialists within their field. None were prominent enough for their departure to send shock waves in the community though. Some disappeared from worlds where we'd expect to be able to track them to their general area, but instead, they are simply... gone.`

Reviewer: I think this is overall an improvement but feel it's still pretty awkward.

I think a fair bit of it comes from the switch to directly calling these kidnapping victims, but I also think that switch is appropriate for assumptions the speaker would be making. I think rectifying the awkwardness further will require either walking that back or more clearly setting it in stone.

Author: Yes, transitioning from "disappearances" at the top of the dialog to "probable kidnappings" at the bottom seems better. I'll ponder this and update the text later.

Author: I have updated the whole conversation, changing "kidnapping" to "disappearance" in most places. "Kidnapping" is only mentioned as a suspected crime, for known victims, or as a reason for precautions.

			`	"We believe someone is targeting researchers and specialists and trying to hide it beneath the noise."`
				goto questions
			label kidnappings

> 			`	Teeneep answers, "In human space, we don't know, but after collating records in Hai space it seems to have happened in three spates each lasting several years. The earliest date back to only about a decade after we made contact with humans, around 90 years, but often with different kidnapping methods and targets. This means that we can't even say for sure if it's even been the same people, but every investigation has ultimately dead-ended with similar difficulties."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Teeneep answers, "In human space, we don't know, but after collating records in Hai space it seems to have happened in three spates each lasting several years. The earliest date back to only about a decade after we made contact with humans, around 90 years ago, but often with different kidnapping methods and targets. This means that we can't even say for sure if it's even been the same people, but every investigation has ultimately dead-ended with similar difficulties."`
```

I'm not 100% sure of this date being good, since it's not otherwise mentioned here.

Author: At the beginning of the wanderers campaign, the hai tell us their first contact with humans was about a century ago.

I'll remove the "around 90 years ago" to avoid this problem.

Reviewer: I think that's fine as is then, just wasn't sure myself :)

Author: I don't want to change any lore in this PR, so 90 years has to go. This is just a dialog rearrangement PR.

I just removed it.

> 			`	"Nevertheless, from the rate at which the disappearances have happened, possibly as many as five thousand Hai have vanished this way. The number may be less; some of those cases may be undiscovered murders, secret changes of identity, or defections to the Unfettered. We haven't the data to make an estimate for human disappearances."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Nevertheless, from the rate at which the disappearances have happened, possibly as many as five thousand Hai have vanished this way. The number may be less; some of those cases may be undiscovered murders, secret changes of identity, or defections to the Unfettered. We don't have the data to make an estimate for human disappearances."`
```

"Haven't" used this way isn't particularly common. Probably best to switch that in particular back even though she does use it later, unless it's meant to be a specific quirk in the speech pattern?

				goto questions
			label know
			`	Teeneep explains, "The organization I lead has contacts with sympathetic individuals and organizations throughout Hai space. We have enough funding to hire a few hundred full-time employees of our own. Most of them are lawyers, social workers, or administrative employees. A few are investigative journalists or various types of researchers."`
			`	"We've spent the last three years researching this problem, but it helped a lot to meet the people who have been rescued."`
				goto questions
			label anyone
			`	A Hai near Teeneep responds. "Yes... and no. We work with police who investigate the disappearances, and sometimes they find the missing person.`
			`	"Our biggest problem is a lack of help in human space. Local police are overwhelmed with crime in the regions where the kidnapping victims are found. Worse, the kidnappers leave behind virtually no evidence to investigate. Your navies and agencies haven't the time to help us; they're busy cleaning up after the war. The Syndicate has unfinished business they won't talk about.`

> 			`	"Hai space is more manageable, but our resources are not infinite, and the pattern isn't clear enough yet for the Elders to justify more expenditure. They tell me that if we can prove the kidnappings are from a coordinated effort, they'll put all the resources they can spare into stopping the crime. They say their investigators have been unable to discover anything, but sometimes their responses don't add up. We presume this is because they're blocking our access to classified information."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Hai space is more manageable, but our resources are not infinite. The pattern just isn't clear enough yet for the Elders to justify more expenditure. They tell me that if we can prove the kidnappings are from a coordinated effort, they'll put all the resources they can spare into stopping the crime. They also say their investigators have been unable to discover anything, but sometimes their responses don't add up. We presume this is because they're blocking our access to classified information."`
```

This one is straight style recommendations: break up that three clause sentence and some extra emphasis.

			choice
				`	"Yes, I have."`
				`	"No, I've never seen it before."`

> 			`	Wayou nods. "This symbol has been found a number of times where rescued Hai have had of cadmium poisoning, but we cannot identify its origin or meaning. This may be key to finding the kidnappers' identity and whereabouts."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Wayou nods. "This symbol has been found a number of times where rescued Hai have had cadmium poisoning, but we cannot identify its origin or meaning. This may be key to finding the kidnappers' identity and whereabouts."`
```
